57 Years Apart - A Boy And a Man Talk About Life - YouTube

Transcripts:
(00:12) Okay, may I ask you a question, the first one? Right. What is the worst thing about being young? Well, you get lots of homework It's also pretty it's like in the middle like it's all like in the middle of bad and good Oh What is the worst thing about being old? Not being able to do things, that you could do when you were young.
(00:41) -Um -Like, uh, you can't bend down and get stuff on the floor? Well, I can still do that. But, the problem is, you're body gets a bit stiff -Oh, I know, it hurts a lot when you try to bend down          -yeah That's right, yes. You might get sick, more often. Hopefully I don't. But that's the problem. That's pretty bad It is pretty bad The only time I went to the hospital was my mom didn't like getting me born.
(01:09) Ah, yeah. Do you wish you were older? Maybe...  Like, so if i were old, I could buy stuff for my own, and be married, but- That would be ew. Do you wish you were young? Why? Well, uh, the problem about, uh the great thing about being young is You have more time You have more time to do things.
(01:38) I could play games- Which I did, I used to play Cowboys and Indians. Yeah, that's what I play! Do you? Yeah! That's what I like about being young. I could use my imagination more. That's sad story, you can't do that anymore. Well... I could be an older cowboy. I might do it, yes. Will you fall in love? And what will it be like?
(02:03) I don't know. Like, we'll have babies and it will be like fun...oh I'd have to change Even though I'll have to change his diaper. It'll be fun! Oh. But what if he cries? Ahh well. I'll just sing like Ed Sheeran to him And, who do you love now? Um...
(02:29) My mom. Your mom? Your dad? I like my dad I like my family. Did you fall in love? What was it like? Yes, uh- It was different for me. I fell in love, late. And did you get married? No, unfortunately, my partner, she passed away she died. That was a sad thing. Yeah. She got sick.
(02:58) I'm gonna cry. No, no don't. No, no, no. No. No ah no no. You see, these things happen, Shawn. That's life. But, We, we have I have very good memories Very good memories. And you life, a lot of the time you live in your head with those memories. You can remember all the good things, and that's the important thing.
(03:23) Well, the advice I would give to you Shawn, uh Is You don't have to be rich to be happy Do the things you like to, and that make you feel good. Because when you're happy yourself, everybody else is happy. Shawn do you have any advice for Gordez? To like, act normal. Don't be silly Don't bully lots of people. The people I know in school like my friend Alex in school
(03:51) Whenever he gets hurt I hug him. It might not be able to work but. No, that's good advice, uh And, be yourself don't let other people tell you what you should be. Just be as you are, isn't that true? Yeah. And, I'm sure your life is going to be very successful You have all the right things. You have all the right things to do. All your good friends. And uh, keep those friends going.
(04:18) And keep life going oh! There you go.