Scout Feels Her Life Was Better When Drew Was In a Wheelchair 😮 on General Hospital (Aug. 14, 2026) - YouTube

Transcripts:
(00:02) Oh, my. Rocco. If I tell you something, you can never tell anyone, okay? >> I promise. Now, this is between us. >> My life was so much easier when my dad was in a wheelchair.
(00:29) >> What up, y'all? This is your boy Ace here. Hey, what up, fam? To So Caps, y'all. One of the things that I'm really loving on the show is the way they're building up Scout and Rocco's relationship right now. I'm really loving it. Really loving how they're doing it. They're They're starting to get to a point where they're getting comfortable by by confessing feelings like the thing for Scout is she's getting a chance to talk to You know, she's got a chance to talk to somebody about how she
(00:57) feels about her father. And her father has been ridiculous since he's been out of the wheelchair. I mean, I think I like I said, I think he's been even worse than he was before, like and he's pissing people off around town again. So, it is crazy stuff, man. But, if y'all want to see the full scenes with Scout and and Rocco from this episode, I also got Charlotte and Danny. I'm trying to figure out how if I'm going to put these separate in a separate video cuz I've also I'm going to do Michael and Tracy in a
(01:25) separate video as well. So, I'm trying to figure out how I'm going to do it, but cuz I'm doing Sonny Jason and uh Jason and Sonny um Jason and Sonny and then Did I say I think I meant to say Jason and Carly. Uh their scenes all in the video. And I think I Yeah, so I think what I'm going to do is this. I think I'm going to put Tracy, Michael,
(01:51) Rocco, Scout, Danny, Charlotte, Drew, Alexis, and then yeah, all in the same video. I think I'll do it that way. Just so I can do two videos and that'll be it on the Patreon. So, y'all can watch those full scenes on the Patreon, you guys, and all of the other full scenes for the rest of the week with Willow and Michael, that storyline is all up right now. Link to the Patreon is in the description box, you guys.
(02:20) So, the last time I covered Scout and Rocco earlier in the week, we got a chance to cover when Scout uh pushed Rocco to the pool. It was one of the cutest things I've seen in a while on the show. And that's why I said I like how they're building their relationship up. Um and so but this was man, this was crazy right here though. But I'm glad Scout admitted it all right? And like I said, Scout's getting to a point where she feels really comfortable telling Rocco things that she probably
(02:47) would keep a secret either to herself or to other people. Now, one of the things that she confided in Rocco about was the fact that how she's you know, she was complaining about her father and like and just how like he's been keeping Scout away from the people that she loves in town. And now he's trying to do it with Alexis again and everything and Danny and
(03:14) and uh Rocco understands cuz he see what's going on with that. And so Scout actually revealed to Rocco that her life was much easier when he was still in the wheelchair and not being able to talk or move. It's crazy that she says that, but I don't think anybody's like taking it as like anything like let's be honest, she's thinking that in her head, right? And we'd be thinking that too. If we were in Scout's situation, we'd be thinking that
(03:43) all that same about our own parents. Like we can't even trip and say that we won't. If Drew was like if our parents are acting like Drew is right now, we'd be thinking the same god damn thing. And and the truth is her life more than likely was easy. >> [clears throat] >> You know, she was with Alexis. She was able to see her brother whenever she wanted. Um and everything else like that was going on her life. Now, she missed her father as well when
(04:09) she when he was in a wheelchair, but there's that other side of Drew where he's just so overprotective of her and you know, keeping her away from other family members is just it's crazy for her, right? Cuz she's you know, she especially when her mother died, she wasn't used to all of that and so I told y'all, man, when she grows up a
(04:34) little more and she becomes a teenager, she's going to she's going to have a problem with that. And I and I I talked about that a long time ago. I I remember talking about that on this channel maybe last year. I said, "Man, the stuff that he's doing to Scout right now, she's not going to like it cuz she's the type of person that loves her family. She's just like Layla. Layla Courtemanche, she's just like her.
(04:59) She's also just like Emily. You know, they both were all about their family and bringing them together and all of this other stuff. And so this doesn't work out well. Like that whole this whole arrangement he's got is not working out well. And those two are going to clash one day. You know what I'm saying? Like they're going to clash one day. And Scout Scout could get to a point see Drew has to watch it to where Scout could get to a day where she just
(05:28) rebels. And you don't want your daughter to rebel. You know what I'm saying? Like that >> [snorts] >> teenage daughters are hell, man. You know what I'm saying? I never had a teenage daughter in my home, but I I I grew up with one, my sister, and seeing and seeing just how teenage daughters are, it could be hell on a parent. So, he don't want it to get to that point, but he's getting it to that point where she's going to rebel.
(05:56) And he's going to have to deal with that. So, I hope Jules is ready. I hope Jules is ready cuz we talked about that in his conversation the other day with Scout, but I can't blame him on what she said, man. I'm glad Rocco's trying to help her cuz they did like a whole little arrangement. They want to meet each other again later after his shift. But, um yo, they came up with a whole plan cuz uh Jules is going to pick her up. I might I might do a video on that. We'll We'll
(06:23) see when we get to it. But, going to here to get it give me your thoughts here. Make sure you go watch my Charlotte and Danny video, too. That's That conversation was an interesting one. Give this video a like, share, subscribe, you guys. Thank y'all for watching this one. So, catch you guys.