Willow Thinks She's Defeated Michael & Will Make the Decisions on General Hospital (Aug. 12, 2026) - YouTube

Transcripts:
(00:01) For us and the kids and I will make it a home together. And Michael? I would never cut Michael out of their lives the way he did to me. He is their father and the kids would miss him terribly. But he is only going to see them on my terms. >> Okay, sounds wonderful. >> It does, doesn't it? I have been on the defensive for so long. But soon my kids will be with me and I will be the one making the decisions from now on.
(00:28) >> Moment. What up, y'all? This your boy Ace here. >> And welcome >> to So Cabs Y'all. Welcome back on into the channel, everybody. Man, I hope you had a wonderful day. And let's get to this, man. So, we were just talking about Michael and Willow's uh conversation and how Michael had to kind of remind Willow like, look, um you're you're trying to get full custody of the kids and you're trying to get them away from me completely, but you got to remember how your kids are going
(00:55) to be affected by this. You know what I mean? So, you know, Michael was letting her know and I think he got through to her because in this conversation with Nina, it does seem like he got through to her. But before we continue, man, uh if y'all want to see the full scenes today of that conversation with Willow and Michael, I'm going to have that on a Patreon later. Um also uh this conversation with her and Nina as well. And everything connected with the
(01:20) storyline, we will have it up on the channel for you guys, man. But uh that will be on the Patreon. Thank you to the new sign-ups that have signed up as well. Link to the Patreons in the description box underneath the video, guys. You can click that link. So, Willow returned home after visiting Michael at the Quartermaines uh to talk to Nina about everything that you remember, you know, you remember how the
(01:47) conversation went yesterday with Nina. Nina was, you know, actually the voice of reason in that conversation with her daughter, you know, she was letting her know that like Michael was really taking care of her, you know, made sure she got the bid and all that stuff. But she was still heated because she thought Michael was the one that set up, you know, her being drugged. She still doesn't know for sure who did it yet, but she suspects that it was Michael even though
(02:12) Michael told her you know it wasn't. So, um So, Willow was basically just telling Nina, you know, Michael has nothing left and the kids are going to move back with her full-time, right? And but she said that she won't cut Michael out of her out of their lives completely. This is how I know that Michael uh did get the Willow because she did say that she won't cut Michael out of their
(02:38) lives completely. But uh he will only see them on her terms, which means they're still going to be in a fight with this situation, man. So, but it does mean that Willow's not, you know, trying to, you know, completely cut Michael out of their lives like she was trying to do when she first came over to the quarter mains. But she also said she's going to make the decisions from now on, which means Michael truly is the one that has to fight for her children. But there's a
(03:05) twist to this. And we're going to get to this in the next video. Yeah, we got to talk about this with y'all. So, Trina and Kai stepped up to the plate. Trina and Kai stepped up to the plate and finally told Michael what they know. Finally, I mean this is what When did they find out back in January, bro? It's August now, almost the goddamn fall, and they're just telling him.
(03:32) Uh this is crazy. Let's go over in that video next, man. Go on ahead and give me your thoughts here. Short video here. Give this video a like, share, subscribe, you guys. Thank you guys for watching this one. So catch y'all.